List of warnings
================

[[Parent]]: user_documentation.txt

Remark generates various warnings that help in ensuring that no 
document is accidentally left off linked, that every document
has a description, and that links are specified in a way that 
promotes robustness. These warnings can be disabled one by one 
by the `-d` option. Warnings which are specific to a given macro 
are listed in the documentation of that macro. 

General-purpose warnings
------------------------

ambiguous-document
:	This warning is generated when a given path matches multiple documents
	in the document-tree. To fix this, introduce more context to the path to 
	disambiguate the correct document in the document-tree.

ambiguous-input
:	This warning is generated when facing input that is well-formed,
	but ambiguous, for example, when giving multiple descriptions
	for a given document. To fix this, remove some input to	make 
	the choice unambiguous.

ambiguous-parent
:	This warning is generated when there are multiple documents matching
	a given parent-specification in the document-tree. To fix this, introduce 
	more context into the parent path to disambiguate the correct document 
	in the document-tree.

invalid-input
:	This warning is generated when facing input that is ill-formed, 
	for example, when a macro gets too many or too few parameters.
	To fix this, replace the ill-formed input with well-formed input.

missing-document
:	This warning is generated when a document can not be found from the
	document-tree based on the given path, for example, when specifying 
	images on an image gallery. To fix this, change the path to refer to 
	an existing document in the document-tree.

missing-parent
:	This warning is generated when the specified parent document can not 
	be found from the document-tree. To fix this, change the parent-
	specification to refer to an existing document in the document-tree.

redundant-path
:	This warning is generated when specifying a path in a longer form 
	than is necessary for the file-searching algorithm to unambiguously
	find the document. To fix this, remove the extraneous context from 
	the given path.

unspecified-parent
:	This warning is generated when the parent document has not been
	specified for a RemarkPage document. To fix this, specify the 
	parent document.

undefined-tag
:	This warning is generated when trying to refer to a tag which
	has not yet been defined. To fix this, either remove the reference or
	add a definition for the tag.

undefined-variable
:	This warning is generated when trying to refer to a variable which
	has not yet been defined. To fix this, either remove the reference 
	or add a definition for the variable.

unknown-macro
:	This warning is generated when invoking an unrecognized macro. To fix
	this, define the macro, rename the invoked macro to a recognized one, 
	or remove the macro invocation.

quick
:	This warning is generated when using the `-q` command-line option, to
	remind that some documents may not be generated. To fix this, remove 
	the `-q` option.
