Command-line
============

[[Parent]]: user_documentation.txt

This section contains information on running Remark from the command-line.
Remark also contains an inbuilt help which can be invoked by running Remark
from the command-line without any arguments.

Usage
-----

From the console (Windows, Linux, Unix, ...): 

	remark.py [options] inputDirectory outputDirectory [files...]

### Linux and Mac users

The shells on Linux and Mac expand the globs (e.g \*.txt) _before_
running an executable (unless the globs do not match anything in
the current directory). Therefore, the globs should always be 
provided in the form "\*.txt", to defer the glob-expansion from
the shell to Remark.

Options
-------

The command-line options control the way Remark operates. They are
as follows:

-d or --disable
:	Disables a specific warning (e.g. -dinvalid-input).

-e or --extensions
:	Lists all file-extensions in the input-directory along with example files.

-i or --include
:	Includes files by their relative-paths (e.g. "*.txt").
	This is equivalent to writing the file-glob directly as a 
	positional argument.

-l or --lines
:	Sets maximum number of lines for a tag-parser to scan a file
	for tags (default 100).

-m or --max-file-size
:	Sets maximum file-size to load (in bytes, default 262144).

-o or --options
:	Reads command-line options from an option-file (if it exists).
	An option-file is a plain-text file, with one option per line.
	If the file path is relative, it is relative to the input directory.
	The file `remark_options` is always included as an option-file.

-q or --quick
:	Regenerates only modified documents and their parents. 
	Note: only use for quick previews of edits; this process leaves 
	many documents out-of-date. 

-s or --strict
:	Treats warnings as errors.

-u or --unknowns
:	Lists all files which are neither included or excluded.

-v or --verbose
:	Prints additional progress information.

-x or --exclude
:	Excludes files by their relative-paths (e.g "*CMake*").
	Exclusion takes priority over inclusion.

Warnings
--------

Remark generates various warnings that help in ensuring that no 
document is accidentally left off linked, that every document
has a description, and that links are specified in a way that 
promotes robustness. These warnings can be disabled one by one 
by the -d option. Warnings which are specific to a given macro 
are listed in the documentation of that macro. The general purpose
warnings are:

ambiguous-document
:	This warning is generated when a given path matches multiple documents
	in the document-tree. To fix this, introduce more context to the path to 
	disambiguate the correct document in the document-tree.

ambiguous-input
:	This warning is generated when facing input that is well-formed,
	but ambiguous, for example, when giving multiple descriptions
	for a given document. To fix this, remove some input to	make 
	the choice unambiguous.

ambiguous-parent
:	This warning is generated when there are multiple documents matching
	a given parent-specification in the document-tree. To fix this, introduce 
	more context into the parent path to disambiguate the correct document 
	in the document-tree.

invalid-input
:	This warning is generated when facing input that is ill-formed, 
	for example, when a macro gets too many or too few parameters.
	To fix this, replace the ill-formed input with well-formed input.

missing-document
:	This warning is generated when a document can not be found from the
	document-tree based on the given path, for example, when specifying 
	images on an image gallery. To fix this, change the path to refer to 
	an existing document in the document-tree.

missing-parent
:	This warning is generated when the specified parent document can not 
	be found from the document-tree. To fix this, change the parent-
	specification to refer to an existing document in the document-tree.

redundant-path
:	This warning is generated when specifying a path in a longer form 
	than is necessary for the file-searching algorithm to unambiguously
	find the document. To fix this, remove the extraneous context from 
	the given path.

unspecified-parent
:	This warning is generated when the parent document has not been
	specified for a RemarkPage document. To fix this, specify the 
	parent document.

undefined-tag
:	This warning is generated when trying to refer to a tag which
	has not yet been defined. To fix this, either remove the reference or
	add a definition for the tag.

undefined-variable
:	This warning is generated when trying to refer to a variable which
	has not yet been defined. To fix this, either remove the reference 
	or add a definition for the variable.

unknown-macro
:	This warning is generated when invoking an unrecognized macro. To fix
	this, define the macro, rename the invoked macro to a recognized one, 
	or remove the macro invocation.

quick
:	This warning is generated when using the -q command-line option, to
	remind that some documents may not be generated. To fix this, remove 
	the -q option.
